So in the last lecture we've added this color field.
And whenever we change it, it will refresh all iframe. And the color will be reflected on our styles.
But let's now do an improvement to this. So that this color will be changed immediately without refreshing
the iframe.
So let's go to customize.php. And let's choose "transpose" here.
And set it to "postMessage"
So now we can run our JavaScript callbacks whenever the setting changes in the customize-preview.js.
So let's add one more callback and let's, you know, copy and change the setting name which is the "_themename_accent_colour"
"_themename_accent_colour".
So now whenever this color changes we will have the new value in the two variable.
But what can we do with it.
So remember when I told you in the source here that the inline style will have an ID.
So what we can do is we can use this ID here to change the inline styling whenever the value changes.
So let's use jQuery to select this style tag.
And it's an ID.
And using ".html" we can change the styles inside of it.
So let's now set it to an empty string just to check if it's working.
And let's go back now to the Customizer.
So now what we expect is whenever we change the color these styles will be removed and the original
color will be restored.
So let's try this now.
And let's inspect the iframe now.
And inside the iframe let's open the HEAD tag and somewhere we'll have our,
yeah
here it is, the inline CSS.
And now it's empty because we removed all the styles inside of it.
So what we can do is we can replicate what we've done in the PHP but this time using JavaScript. So let's
copy the string.
And inside the customize-preview we now need to append this string.
But this time using the new color. So let's do this but of course we'll have to change some stuff in the string.
So let's open a instead of the "  a` and close it. And then to use a variable inside a `
string
we can type $ and the variable that we want to put here is the "accent_colour" the "to" variable.
I think this should work.
So let's try it out.
So as you can see each time we change the color the, let's inspect it again.
And let's open the inline.
And as you can see the content inside the this DIV will change to our new color using this the CSS, using the
JavaScript.
So this looks great but there is however a problem with it is that you probably if you have a large
template you will probably have a lot of styles here.
So to duplicate the selectors each time you want to add a selector here in the PHP and in the
JavaScript. This could not be very efficient.
So let's try to figure out a way in order to avoid repeating ourselves in the next lecture.